README.md, before:

## Lunarfall

#### Theme Version: 0.6 (Not Released)
Version 0.6 is GitHub version, it acts as Nightly for now

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Antes/Lunarfall/master/Lunarfall/images/preview.png">

##### Description
Lunarfall is a gaming theme for SMF 2.1 with dark/transparent color style. Theme won't be ported back to earlier versions of SMF (Simple Machines Forum).

##### How to Install/Upgrade
For general users releases will be done in SMorg. For bit more advanced testers you can grab a copy of the repository and upload Lunarfall folder to Themes folder.

There will be no upgrade pack for this theme so you have to do the standard ways to upgrade your theme.

##### Note to users
With recent changes to core of SMF 2.1, we no longer need lunarfall_dependencies. You need to uninstall that mod then upgrade/update the theme.

##### How to Contribute
To contribute back to this theme, you have to sign-off each of your commits and send PR.

##### Changelog
Please read changelog.txt

##### License
Theme is under MIT license, please read LICENSE file in the repository.

Commit message:

Get ready for v0.6 and official release on SMorg

README.md, after:

## Lunarfall

#### Theme Version: 0.6 (11 August 2018)
Release date is for GitHub, official SMF release may be later.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Antes/Lunarfall/master/Lunarfall/images/preview.png">

#### Description
Lunarfall is a gaming theme for SMF 2.1 with dark/transparent color style. Theme won't be ported back to earlier versions of SMF (Simple Machines Forum).

#### How to Install/Upgrade
For general users releases will be done in SMorg. For bit more advanced testers you can grab a copy of the repository and upload Lunarfall folder to Themes folder.

There will be no upgrade pack for this theme so you have to do the standard ways to upgrade your theme.

#### Note to users
With recent changes to core of SMF 2.1, we no longer need lunarfall_dependencies. You need to uninstall that mod then upgrade/update the theme.

#### How to Contribute
To contribute back to this theme, you have to sign-off each of your commits and send PR.

#### Changelog
Please read changelog.txt

#### License
Theme is under MIT license, please read LICENSE file in the repository.
